Hello
becomes the title of a club in the plus
Assassin's creed that legally too
can defeat
So my first tip is here now
the reason how I defeated them and
with the teamspeak is the 4th
So a tip is enough for the attacks
frontal
not necessarily because he is too fast
but rather with the frontal so can
At the beginning I just let it go
This will make her slow and you can
By this he loses less life
what more you because the tram up
perhaps strongest attack against
The ships moerser can be seen here totally
little life takes off and if they do
then you very much persecuted
fireproof thereby loses here too
very much live and someday
They will also turn around the lmp
this bows less than half
life has that too is good
Maybe you if you have that
just seen when the elle politics
or generally to the generic shoots
guns in the leisure ducks you
By doing so , he clearly loses it
not much less harm here
possible but I think that's what should
everything happens because you are with all weather
We would have to go fast and hard
slowly red now she is also at
but last year because of that
is very very important now that
to notice my behavior
you can do the very good job
So exactly hit and still hold
it will very very slow and
get in the back and then you will
loses life
then hot times were playing there
drive in and almost nothing
but that's what it gets
The elephants get this much
the match
I can only recommend highly heart
are already defeated have the
20,000 thanks for seeing me
next time